fix dead link (#36)
eclipse-edc/eclipse-edc.github.io: content/en/documentation/for-adopters/_index.md

data using specialized technology such as a messaging system or data integration platform. EDC includes the *Data Plane
Framework (DPF)* for building custom Data Planes. Alternatively, a Data Plane can be built using other languages or
technologies and integrated with the EDC Control Plane by implementing

> the [Data Plane Signaling API](../for-contributors/data-plane/data-plane-signaling/_index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Data Plane Signaling API](/documentation/for-contributors/data-plane/data-plane-signaling/).
```

As Docsy suggest to "[Specify these links relative to the site’s root URL](https://www.docsy.dev/docs/best-practices/site-guidance/#linking)"

I know that is not like this everywhere, but we can slowly adapt to the convention
